com/run4urlyfe/SpinnerItem.java
 com.run4urlyfe.SpinnerItem
com/run4urlyfe/views/EditableInputViewWithDate.java
 com.run4urlyfe.views.EditableInputViewWithDate
com/run4urlyfe/enums/ExerciseType.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.ExerciseType
com/run4urlyfe/AppViMo.java
 com.run4urlyfe.AppViMo
com/run4urlyfe/graph/ZoomType.java
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.ZoomType
com/run4urlyfe/source/SourcesPagerFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourcesPagerFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourcesPagerFragment$1
com/run4urlyfe/RecordEditorDialogbox.java
 com.run4urlyfe.RecordEditorDialogbox
 com.run4urlyfe.RecordEditorDialogbox$1
com/run4urlyfe/Database/bodymeasures/BodyPartExtensions.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.bodymeasures.BodyPartExtensions
com/run4urlyfe/SettingsFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.SettingsFragment
com/run4urlyfe/TimePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.TimePickerDialogFragment
com/run4urlyfe/enums/UnitType.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.UnitType
com/run4urlyfe/intro/MainIntroActivity.java
 com.run4urlyfe.intro.MainIntroActivity
com/run4urlyfe/programs/ProgramListAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramListAdapter
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramListAdapter$1
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/run4urlyfe/Database/program/DBProgram.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.program.DBProgram
com/run4urlyfe/programs/ProgramPagerFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramPagerFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramPagerFragment$1
com/run4urlyfe/views/SingleValueInputView.java
 com.run4urlyfe.views.SingleValueInputView
com/run4urlyfe/Database/ProfileWeight.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.ProfileWeight
com/run4urlyfe/Database/DBMachine.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.DBMachine
com/run4urlyfe/enums/RecordType.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.RecordType
com/run4urlyfe/Database/program/Program.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.program.Program
com/run4urlyfe/source/SourceHistoryFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourceHistoryFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourceHistoryFragment$1
com/run4urlyfe/WeightFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.WeightFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.WeightFragment$1
com/run4urlyfe/utils/ExpandedListView.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.ExpandedListView
com/run4urlyfe/CustomSpinnerAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.CustomSpinnerAdapter
 com.run4urlyfe.CustomSpinnerAdapter$1
 com.run4urlyfe.CustomSpinnerAdapter$SpinnerHolder
com/run4urlyfe/programs/ProgramRunnerFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramRunnerFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramRunnerFragment$1
com/run4urlyfe/AboutFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.AboutFragment
com/run4urlyfe/BtnClickListener.java
 com.run4urlyfe.BtnClickListener
com/run4urlyfe/graph/GraphData.java
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.GraphData
com/run4urlyfe/MainActivity.java
 com.run4urlyfe.MainActivity
 com.run4urlyfe.MainActivity$1
 com.run4urlyfe.MainActivity$DrawerItemClickListener
com/run4urlyfe/utils/MusicController.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController$1
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController$2
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController$3
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController$4
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController$5
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController$Audio
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.MusicController$NoisyAudioStreamReceiver
com/run4urlyfe/Database/Machine.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.Machine
com/run4urlyfe/CustomDrawerAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.CustomDrawerAdapter
 com.run4urlyfe.CustomDrawerAdapter$1
 com.run4urlyfe.CustomDrawerAdapter$DrawerItemHolder
com/run4urlyfe/utils/DateConverter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.DateConverter
com/csvreader/CsvReader.java
 com.csvreader.CsvReader
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$ColumnBuffer
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$ComplexEscape
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$DataBuffer
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$HeadersHolder
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$Letters
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$RawRecordBuffer
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$StaticSettings
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$UserSettings
com/run4urlyfe/Database/bodymeasures/BodyMeasure.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.bodymeasures.BodyMeasure
com/run4urlyfe/Database/record/DBStatic.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.record.DBStatic
com/run4urlyfe/machines/ExerciseDetailsPager.java
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.ExerciseDetailsPager
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.ExerciseDetailsPager$1
com/run4urlyfe/enums/Gender.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.Gender
com/csvreader/CsvWriter.java
 com.csvreader.CsvWriter
 com.csvreader.CsvWriter$Letters
 com.csvreader.CsvWriter$UserSettings
com/run4urlyfe/graph/MiniDateGraph.java
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.MiniDateGraph
com/run4urlyfe/machines/MachineCursorAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.MachineCursorAdapter
com/run4urlyfe/BuildConfig.java
 com.run4urlyfe.BuildConfig
com/run4urlyfe/enums/DisplayType.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.DisplayType
com/run4urlyfe/machines/MachineFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.MachineFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.MachineFragment$1
com/run4urlyfe/bodymeasures/BodyPartListAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyPartListAdapter
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyPartListAdapter$1
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyPartListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/run4urlyfe/enums/DistanceUnit.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.DistanceUnit
com/run4urlyfe/views/EditableInputView.java
 com.run4urlyfe.views.EditableInputView
 com.run4urlyfe.views.EditableInputView$CustomerDialogBuilder
 com.run4urlyfe.views.EditableInputView$OnTextChangedListener
com/run4urlyfe/Database/DBProfile.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.DBProfile
com/run4urlyfe/ValueEditorDialogbox.java
 com.run4urlyfe.ValueEditorDialogbox
 com.run4urlyfe.ValueEditorDialogbox$1
com/run4urlyfe/Database/cardio/DBOldCardio.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.cardio.DBOldCardio
com/run4urlyfe/source/SourceGraphFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourceGraphFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourceGraphFragment$1
com/run4urlyfe/enums/SizeUnit.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.SizeUnit
com/run4urlyfe/utils/FileChooserDialog.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.FileChooserDialog
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.FileChooserDialog$1
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.FileChooserDialog$1DirectoryOnClickListener
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.FileChooserDialog$ChosenFileListener
com/run4urlyfe/Database/Weight.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.Weight
com/run4urlyfe/DatePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.DatePickerDialogFragment
com/run4urlyfe/Database/bodymeasures/BodyPart.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.bodymeasures.BodyPart
com/run4urlyfe/NumberPickerDialogbox.java
 com.run4urlyfe.NumberPickerDialogbox
com/run4urlyfe/bodymeasures/BodyPartListFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyPartListFragment
com/run4urlyfe/source/MachineArrayAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.source.MachineArrayAdapter
 com.run4urlyfe.source.MachineArrayAdapter$1
 com.run4urlyfe.source.MachineArrayAdapter$ViewHolder
com/run4urlyfe/Database/record/DBRecord.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.record.DBRecord
com/run4urlyfe/Database/cardio/OldCardio.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.cardio.OldCardio
com/run4urlyfe/utils/OnCustomEventListener.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.OnCustomEventListener
com/run4urlyfe/DrawerItem.java
 com.run4urlyfe.DrawerItem
com/run4urlyfe/utils/ImageUtil.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.ImageUtil
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.ImageUtil$OnDeleteImageListener
com/run4urlyfe/machines/MachineDetailsFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.MachineDetailsFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.MachineDetailsFragment$1
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.MachineDetailsFragment$2
com/run4urlyfe/enums/ProgramStatus.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.ProgramStatus
com/run4urlyfe/Database/program/ProgramHistory.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.program.ProgramHistory
com/run4urlyfe/source/SourcesFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourcesFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourcesFragment$1
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourcesFragment$2
 com.run4urlyfe.source.SourcesFragment$3
com/run4urlyfe/source/RecordArrayAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.source.RecordArrayAdapter
 com.run4urlyfe.source.RecordArrayAdapter$1
 com.run4urlyfe.source.RecordArrayAdapter$ViewHolder
com/run4urlyfe/enums/Unit.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.Unit
com/run4urlyfe/utils/CustomExceptionHandler.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.CustomExceptionHandler
com/run4urlyfe/bodymeasures/BodyPartDetailsFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyPartDetailsFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyPartDetailsFragment$1
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyPartDetailsFragment$2
com/run4urlyfe/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.run4urlyfe.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/run4urlyfe/graph/DateGraph.java
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.DateGraph
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.DateGraph$1
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.DateGraph$2
com/run4urlyfe/Database/record/DBSource.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.record.DBSource
com/run4urlyfe/programs/ProgramListFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramListFragment
com/run4urlyfe/intro/NewProfileFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.intro.NewProfileFragment
 com.run4urlyfe.intro.NewProfileFragment$1
 com.run4urlyfe.intro.NewProfileFragment$2
com/run4urlyfe/Database/bodymeasures/DBBodyMeasure.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.bodymeasures.DBBodyMeasure
com/run4urlyfe/graph/DateGraphMarkerView.java
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.DateGraphMarkerView
com/run4urlyfe/enums/WeightUnit.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.WeightUnit
com/run4urlyfe/ProfileFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.ProfileFragment
com/run4urlyfe/views/WorkoutValuesInputView.java
 com.run4urlyfe.views.WorkoutValuesInputView
 com.run4urlyfe.views.WorkoutValuesInputView$1
com/run4urlyfe/Database/DBProfileWeight.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.DBProfileWeight
com/run4urlyfe/Database/record/DBCardio.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.record.DBCardio
com/run4urlyfe/utils/RealPathUtil.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.RealPathUtil
com/run4urlyfe/Database/DBUtils.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.DBUtils
com/run4urlyfe/Database/bodymeasures/DBBodyPart.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.bodymeasures.DBBodyPart
com/run4urlyfe/Database/CVSManager.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.CVSManager
com/run4urlyfe/bodymeasures/BodyMeasureCursorAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.bodymeasures.BodyMeasureCursorAdapter
com/run4urlyfe/Database/record/Record.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.record.Record
com/run4urlyfe/graph/BarGraph.java
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.BarGraph
 com.run4urlyfe.graph.BarGraph$1
com/run4urlyfe/WeightCursorAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.WeightCursorAdapter
com/run4urlyfe/views/GraphView.java
 com.run4urlyfe.views.GraphView
 com.run4urlyfe.views.GraphView$1
 com.run4urlyfe.views.GraphView$2
 com.run4urlyfe.views.GraphView$3
com/run4urlyfe/Database/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.DatabaseHelper
com/run4urlyfe/utils/UnitConverter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.UnitConverter
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.UnitConverter$1
com/run4urlyfe/programs/ProgramInfoFragment.java
 com.run4urlyfe.programs.ProgramInfoFragment
com/run4urlyfe/utils/Keyboard.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.Keyboard
com/run4urlyfe/enums/ProgramRecordStatus.java
 com.run4urlyfe.enums.ProgramRecordStatus
com/run4urlyfe/Database/Profile.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.Profile
com/run4urlyfe/databinding/IntrofragmentNewprofileBinding.java
 com.run4urlyfe.databinding.IntrofragmentNewprofileBinding
com/run4urlyfe/licenses/CustomLicense.java
 com.run4urlyfe.licenses.CustomLicense
com/run4urlyfe/utils/ExifUtil.java
 com.run4urlyfe.utils.ExifUtil
com/run4urlyfe/Database/DBBase.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.DBBase
com/run4urlyfe/machines/MachineArrayFullAdapter.java
 com.run4urlyfe.machines.MachineArrayFullAdapter
com/run4urlyfe/Database/program/DBProgramHistory.java
 com.run4urlyfe.Database.program.DBProgramHistory
com/run4urlyfe/ProfileViMo.java
 com.run4urlyfe.ProfileViMo
